it's a plot that seems straight out of
Bollywood in his native India a man
cream large harvey star but he gave up
the roles of hot hot throbs and
charismatic mullahs for love to end up
cleaning the streets far from home if
you said the religio i get fifty and a
hundred is another place you know we
look at about 6,000 rivers and monthly
that's less than $200 hardly water man
expected when she fell for carolina a
dancer from this city of asou risk in
Russia's Far East with TV ads soaps and
several films under his belt our mosque
Korea was going up but Carlina didn't
want to stay in India the actor didn't
think twice before following her
hometown where she couldn't get a stage
a local TV station screen-tested
HemisFair weatherman watching imitates
great whichever last him a godsend for
any production studio but his poor
russian failed him there too
Arman tried to return to India to
support his family from abroad but
didn't have the paperwork to leave
Russia cleaning the streets is the only
job he finally found I have no money -
so my neighbours give to my child float
in India this note I give to another
people Arman is saving money for a trip
back home his real-life drama has turned
out far worse than in Bollywood that
Slavonic maracanã arti